(APPROACHING FOOTSTEPS)
- NATHAN: (SOFTLY) Jodie.
Get up.
- JODIE: Huh?
What? What's going on?
- NATHAN: Get dressed.
I'll explain in the car.
The DPA has launched a programme
to study the other side, The Infra World, as they call it.
They've created a condenser, a machine,
to open a rift to what lies beyond.
- JODIE: They've opened the passage?
To Aiden's world?
- NATHAN: Something happened last night.
Entities got through the rift
and we couldn't shut down the condenser.
Everybody in the building was slaughtered.
None of the rescue teams came back.
They called and asked for your help.
I told them...
...you were just a child,
that it was too dangerous.
But they know only you know how to deal
with what lies beyond the rift.
- MAN: Go ahead.
(COUGHING)
- NATHAN: Jodie.
If you don't wanna do it
just say it.
And I'll take you back.
- JODIE: (SOFTLY) It's alright.
I'll do it.
- COLE: Christ! Nathan! This is crazy!
You can't send her in there!
What are you thinking?
- NATHAN: You'll understand.
She's the only one that can stop this.
- SOLDIER: What we got? Any information
coming out of there yet? Anything?
- MAN: Is that the girl?
- SOLDIER 2: I'm sorry, miss.
You can't come in here.
- SOLDIER 3: She can go.
- SOLDIER 2: Oh, I'm sorry.
(INDISTINCT GROANS)
(INDISTINCT CHATTER)
- NATHAN: The condenser
is in the lower basement.
You need to find the control room.
That's all they could tell me.
Jodie.
The entities around the rift.
They're not like Aiden.
They're from the depth of the other side
we know almost nothing about them.
- JODIE: I've been living with an entity that
I know nothing about since the day I was born.
I get it.
Don't worry.
I don't plan on dying today.
(OMINOUS MUSIC PLAYING)
I don't know about you, Aiden.
But I'm scared.
(ALARM NOISE)
Great.
Elevator's stuck.
Go see what you can do, Aiden.
(SCREECHING SOUND)
- SCIENTIST: Come on!
(SCREAMS)
- SOLDIER: Go, go!
Nothing... but... dead... in there...
- JODIE: (PANTING)
(OMINOUS MUSIC PLAYING)
(SCREAMS)
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
(AIDEN SPEAKS)
I know.
I can feel it too.
They're here.
Stay close to me, okay?
(DISTANT SCREAMING)
- JODIE: (COUGHS)
Great. Now let's go.
(COUGHS)
- SOLDIER: Are you hurt? Can you move?
- SCIENTIST: We're not gonna make it!
- SOLDIER: Calm down.
- SCIENTIST: They're everywhere!
(GUNSHOTS)
- SCIENTIST: (SCREAMING)
(CRYING NOISE)
- SCIENTIST: No no no no!
Please please go away! Go away!
God, no please!
- JODIE: Easy. I'm Jodie.
I work with professor Dawkins.
- SCIENTIST: The entities...
They invaded the laboratory.
Creatures from the death.
I managed to hide. But they're still here.
I know they're still here!
- JODIE: Try to get to the elevator.
It's working now.
You should be able to get out.
- SCIENTIST: You're staying here?
But those things...
Those things will kill you!
- JODIE: I'm not alone.
- SCIENTIST: We always face death alone.
DIE! YOU LITTLE BITCH! DIE!
(AIDEN SPEAKS)
- JODIE: Stay close, okay?
The condeser is close.
I can feel ###
### taking really slow.
Maybe we can slip through unnoticed.
Need the pass card. Dammit!
Got it.
(INTENSE MUSIC PLAYING)
(WEIRD MONSTER NOISES)
Come on...
Come on!
Aiden! I need you now!
Open! Goddammit!
(MACHINE WHIRLING NOISE)
(SCREECHING NOISES)
We did it.
Passage to the other side.
Oh shit!
### damn thing won't work!
Other console.
If I can get to it...
...we might still have a chance!
I'm gonna make a run for the console.
I run. You protect me
from the entities, okay?
(AIDEN REPLIES)
Let's go.
(INTENSE MUSIC PLAYING)
The ladder! Aiden, hurry!
Aiden! Help me!
(MUSIC STOPS)
(PANTING)
Aiden?
Aiden, are-are you there?
AIDEN!!
(AIDEN REPLIES)
I thought I lost you.
- NATHAN: Jodie!
(SOFTLY) I shouldn't have sent you there.
It's my fault! It's all my fault!
My god, I was so afraid I lost you.
- JODIE: Don't let them ever do that again.
If they open the passage...
...there'll be nothing left.